Connected to db
Amber Antelopes already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-amber-antelopes
Repo for group Amber Antelopes is already initialized.
Michelle Lie has already been invited to Amber Antelopes's repo.
Lia Arroyo has already been invited to Amber Antelopes's repo.
Tuan Le has already been invited to Amber Antelopes's repo.
Ariel Wang has already been invited to Amber Antelopes's repo.
Amisha Singh has already been invited to Amber Antelopes's repo.
Atharva Arankalle has already been invited to Amber Antelopes's repo.
Blue Bears already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-blue-bears
Repo for group Blue Bears is already initialized.
Adding Maoxiao Ye to Blue Bears's repo...
Adding James Wu to Blue Bears's repo...
Adding Qilue Huang to Blue Bears's repo...
Adding Milo Liu to Blue Bears's repo...
Adding Kylyn Wu to Blue Bears's repo...
Adding Nanshu Huang to Blue Bears's repo...
Cheery Cats already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-cheery-cats
Repo for group Cheery Cats is already initialized.
Adding Kiko Ilievski to Cheery Cats's repo...
Adding Woo Jin Lee to Cheery Cats's repo...
Adding Michelle Wang to Cheery Cats's repo...
Adding Tyler Kim to Cheery Cats's repo...
Adding Janna Rutor to Cheery Cats's repo...
Adding Sharjil Kazi to Cheery Cats's repo...
Adding PK Wadsworth to Cheery Cats's repo...
Dapper Dolphins already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-dapper-dolphins
Repo for group Dapper Dolphins is already initialized.
Adding Elsa Jiang to Dapper Dolphins's repo...
Adding Yutian Sun to Dapper Dolphins's repo...
Adding Zishuai Liu to Dapper Dolphins's repo...
Adding Lyvia Huang to Dapper Dolphins's repo...
Adding Tina Wang to Dapper Dolphins's repo...
Adding Jennie Zhu to Dapper Dolphins's repo...
Elegant Elephants already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-elegant-elephants
Repo for group Elegant Elephants is already initialized.
Adding Eugene Chua to Elegant Elephants's repo...
Adding Clemen Sun to Elegant Elephants's repo...
Adding Frank Situ to Elegant Elephants's repo...
Adding Jolin Chen to Elegant Elephants's repo...
Adding Manav Lal to Elegant Elephants's repo...
Adding Amanda Huang to Elegant Elephants's repo...
Fuzzy Foxes already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-fuzzy-foxes
Repo for group Fuzzy Foxes is already initialized.
Adding Feiliang Liu to Fuzzy Foxes's repo...
Adding Bond Chen to Fuzzy Foxes's repo...
Adding Yaoquan Cai to Fuzzy Foxes's repo...
Adding Jim Xie to Fuzzy Foxes's repo...
Adding Xuechen Sun to Fuzzy Foxes's repo...
Adding Garry Li to Fuzzy Foxes's repo...
Golden Giraffes already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-golden-giraffes
Repo for group Golden Giraffes is already initialized.
Adding Aaron Guo to Golden Giraffes's repo...
Adding Henry Wang to Golden Giraffes's repo...
Adding Samuel Ou to Golden Giraffes's repo...
Adding Jasper Lai to Golden Giraffes's repo...
Adding Josh Jeffers to Golden Giraffes's repo...
Adding Emily Zou to Golden Giraffes's repo...
Happy Hippos already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-happy-hippos
Repo for group Happy Hippos is already initialized.
Adding Kiko Chen to Happy Hippos's repo...
Adding Rita Wang to Happy Hippos's repo...
Adding Zhipeng Gu to Happy Hippos's repo...
Adding Fuxiang Xu to Happy Hippos's repo...
Adding Yifan Li to Happy Hippos's repo...
Adding Lesley Gao to Happy Hippos's repo...
Icy Iguanas already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-icy-iguanas
Repo for group Icy Iguanas is already initialized.
Adding Osama Khan to Icy Iguanas's repo...
Adding Blake Goodhue to Icy Iguanas's repo...
Adding Joel Dsouza to Icy Iguanas's repo...
Adding Jiseon Yoo to Icy Iguanas's repo...
Adding Paul Highum to Icy Iguanas's repo...
Adding Noel Yeldos to Icy Iguanas's repo...
Jolly Jaguars already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-jolly-jaguars
Repo for group Jolly Jaguars is already initialized.
Adding Justin Ang to Jolly Jaguars's repo...
Adding Jeffery Cao to Jolly Jaguars's repo...
Adding Andrew Lam to Jolly Jaguars's repo...
Adding Mitchell Wong to Jolly Jaguars's repo...
Adding Trevor Po to Jolly Jaguars's repo...
Adding Aarnob Guha to Jolly Jaguars's repo...
Kind Koalas already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-kind-koalas
Repo for group Kind Koalas is already initialized.
Adding Zhongsheng Wang to Kind Koalas's repo...
Adding Shuzheng Mi to Kind Koalas's repo...
Adding Siyu Lu to Kind Koalas's repo...
Adding Xiaojun Xiao to Kind Koalas's repo...
Adding Kairui Liu to Kind Koalas's repo...
Adding Hongfei Rong to Kind Koalas's repo...
Adding Jiahao Wang to Kind Koalas's repo...
Lively Lions already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-lively-lions
Repo for group Lively Lions is already initialized.
Adding Jessica Lowe to Lively Lions's repo...
Adding Samhar Aeron to Lively Lions's repo...
Adding Rebecca Hunt to Lively Lions's repo...
Adding Caleb Wei to Lively Lions's repo...
Adding Peter Strobel to Lively Lions's repo...
Adding Matthew Stevens to Lively Lions's repo...
Mellow Monkeys already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-mellow-monkeys
Repo for group Mellow Monkeys is already initialized.
Adding Lei Pei to Mellow Monkeys's repo...
Adding Sarah Qiao to Mellow Monkeys's repo...
Adding Xinyue Liu to Mellow Monkeys's repo...
Adding Alex Nan to Mellow Monkeys's repo...
Adding Derek Liu to Mellow Monkeys's repo...
Adding Collin Shi to Mellow Monkeys's repo...
Noble Narwhals already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-noble-narwhals
Repo for group Noble Narwhals is already initialized.
Adding Xinran Wang to Noble Narwhals's repo...
Adding Tianle Pan to Noble Narwhals's repo...
Adding Ryan Wu to Noble Narwhals's repo...
Adding Chelsea Huang to Noble Narwhals's repo...
Adding Zhaohua Li to Noble Narwhals's repo...
Adding Luming Jin to Noble Narwhals's repo...
Orange Owls already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-orange-owls
Repo for group Orange Owls is already initialized.
Adding Jacob Tan to Orange Owls's repo...
Adding Tanishq Ranjith to Orange Owls's repo...
Adding Niraj Patil to Orange Owls's repo...
Adding Dhruvkanth Puli to Orange Owls's repo...
Adding Timothy Looi to Orange Owls's repo...
Adding Kevin Jin to Orange Owls's repo...
Playful Penguins already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-playful-penguins
Repo for group Playful Penguins is already initialized.
Adding Sukhleen Kaur to Playful Penguins's repo...
Adding Kenny Cheuk Fung Lam to Playful Penguins's repo...
Adding Blair Mclean to Playful Penguins's repo...
Adding Imashi Kinigama to Playful Penguins's repo...
Adding Hongyang Michael Xu to Playful Penguins's repo...
Adding Rahal Medawatte to Playful Penguins's repo...
Quirky Quails already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-quirky-quails
Repo for group Quirky Quails is already initialized.
Adding Qizheng Hu to Quirky Quails's repo...
Adding Jiayi Chen to Quirky Quails's repo...
Adding Jie Hong to Quirky Quails's repo...
Adding Xuan Luo to Quirky Quails's repo...
Adding Junwei Li to Quirky Quails's repo...
Adding Sui Kit Cheung to Quirky Quails's repo...
Radiant Rabbits already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-radiant-rabbits
Repo for group Radiant Rabbits is already initialized.
Adding Adi Shenoy to Radiant Rabbits's repo...
Adding Jason Yang to Radiant Rabbits's repo...
Adding Kai Hirafune to Radiant Rabbits's repo...
Adding Kai Hirafune to Radiant Rabbits's repo...
Adding Matthew Wai to Radiant Rabbits's repo...
Adding Steven Li to Radiant Rabbits's repo...
Adding Gurjot Bhullar to Radiant Rabbits's repo...
Silly Sloths already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-silly-sloths
Repo for group Silly Sloths is already initialized.
Adding Carlos Cui to Silly Sloths's repo...
Adding Jason Perng to Silly Sloths's repo...
Adding Xin Yang Liu to Silly Sloths's repo...
Adding Jace Ye to Silly Sloths's repo...
Adding Long Bui to Silly Sloths's repo...
Adding Shengle Li to Silly Sloths's repo...
Teal Turtles already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-teal-turtles
Repo for group Teal Turtles is already initialized.
Adding Nathan Bell to Teal Turtles's repo...
Adding Troy Murdoch to Teal Turtles's repo...
Adding Dan Chae to Teal Turtles's repo...
Adding Jason Xavier to Teal Turtles's repo...
Adding Jeremy Ting to Teal Turtles's repo...
Unique Unicorns already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-unique-unicorns
Repo for group Unique Unicorns is already initialized.
Adding Huiwen Lu to Unique Unicorns's repo...
Adding Dianfan Lyu to Unique Unicorns's repo...
Adding Jiayi Yin to Unique Unicorns's repo...
Adding Ruikai Wang to Unique Unicorns's repo...
Adding Guanzhuo Li to Unique Unicorns's repo...
Adding Yujie He to Unique Unicorns's repo...
Vivid Vultures already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-vivid-vultures
Repo for group Vivid Vultures is already initialized.
Adding Siyuan Zhang to Vivid Vultures's repo...
Adding Chenghao Zhang to Vivid Vultures's repo...
Adding Danni Yin to Vivid Vultures's repo...
Adding Rye Chen to Vivid Vultures's repo...
Adding Xiangran Hu to Vivid Vultures's repo...
Adding Jing Bian to Vivid Vultures's repo...
Witty Walruses already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-witty-walruses
Repo for group Witty Walruses is already initialized.
Adding Guryash Matharu to Witty Walruses's repo...
Adding Luke Kim to Witty Walruses's repo...
Adding Harsheel Singh to Witty Walruses's repo...
Adding Avinaash Krishnan to Witty Walruses's repo...
Adding Jordan Cooke to Witty Walruses's repo...
Xylophone Xeruses already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-xylophone-xeruses
Repo for group Xylophone Xeruses is already initialized.
Adding Michael Hardy to Xylophone Xeruses's repo...
Adding Ben Martin to Xylophone Xeruses's repo...
Adding Dylan Heron to Xylophone Xeruses's repo...
Adding Michael Howell to Xylophone Xeruses's repo...
Adding Young Min Kim to Xylophone Xeruses's repo...
Adding Devesh Duptala to Xylophone Xeruses's repo...
Adding Jackson Schofield to Xylophone Xeruses's repo...
Yellow Yaks already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-yellow-yaks
Repo for group Yellow Yaks is already initialized.
Adding Lucy Zhu to Yellow Yaks's repo...
Adding Naren Rohan to Yellow Yaks's repo...
Adding Alex Hope to Yellow Yaks's repo...
Adding Nate Williamson to Yellow Yaks's repo...
Adding Luca Eastwood to Yellow Yaks's repo...
Adding Tristan Mona to Yellow Yaks's repo...
Adding Vishva Dave to Yellow Yaks's repo...
Bright Bats already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-bright-bats
Repo for group Bright Bats is already initialized.
Adding Yuxiang Huang to Bright Bats's repo...
Adding Fiona Sun to Bright Bats's repo...
Adding Fan Xiao to Bright Bats's repo...
Adding Haitian Liu to Bright Bats's repo...
Adding Yu Tang to Bright Bats's repo...
Adding Jonathon Lee to Bright Bats's repo...
Coral Crocodiles already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-coral-crocodiles
Repo for group Coral Crocodiles is already initialized.
Adding Ravin Ravi to Coral Crocodiles's repo...
Adding Sergei Ogai to Coral Crocodiles's repo...
Adding Jake Bowden to Coral Crocodiles's repo...
Adding Cameron Burton to Coral Crocodiles's repo...
Adding Meg Nowak to Coral Crocodiles's repo...
Adding Kunfeng Yuan to Coral Crocodiles's repo...
Enchanting Eagles already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-enchanting-eagles
Repo for group Enchanting Eagles is already initialized.
Adding Packy Li to Enchanting Eagles's repo...
Adding Tianya Xu to Enchanting Eagles's repo...
Adding Xingyan Hu to Enchanting Eagles's repo...
Adding Yang Shi to Enchanting Eagles's repo...
Adding Wenting Chen to Enchanting Eagles's repo...
Adding Sherry Zhou to Enchanting Eagles's repo...
Adding Ian Dong to Enchanting Eagles's repo...
Fancy Flamingos already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-fancy-flamingos
Repo for group Fancy Flamingos is already initialized.
Adding Anna Shimizu to Fancy Flamingos's repo...
Adding Dana Seong to Fancy Flamingos's repo...
Adding Ray Xiao to Fancy Flamingos's repo...
Adding Samuel Yoo to Fancy Flamingos's repo...
Adding Luke McCallum to Fancy Flamingos's repo...
Adding Leander D'Souza to Fancy Flamingos's repo...
Glowing Gazelles already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-glowing-gazelles
Repo for group Glowing Gazelles is already initialized.
Adding Shunqi Shi to Glowing Gazelles's repo...
Adding Nuo Chen to Glowing Gazelles's repo...
Adding Dunyu Yang to Glowing Gazelles's repo...
Adding Chunyi Wu to Glowing Gazelles's repo...
Adding Qiming Zhang to Glowing Gazelles's repo...
Adding Ziang Chen to Glowing Gazelles's repo...
Happy Herons already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-happy-herons
Repo for group Happy Herons is already initialized.
Adding Xiangnan Lu to Happy Herons's repo...
Adding Zheyang Cao to Happy Herons's repo...
Adding Jinquan Wen to Happy Herons's repo...
Adding Xin Yue to Happy Herons's repo...
Adding Ze Yin to Happy Herons's repo...
Adding Yan Li to Happy Herons's repo...
Iridescent Impalas already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-iridescent-impalas
Repo for group Iridescent Impalas is already initialized.
Adding Monrada Rojanavisut to Iridescent Impalas's repo...
Adding Syahiid Rasidi to Iridescent Impalas's repo...
Adding Deepika Gupta to Iridescent Impalas's repo...
Adding Rahul Bagchi to Iridescent Impalas's repo...
Adding Vaibhav Choudhary to Iridescent Impalas's repo...
Adding Austin Alip to Iridescent Impalas's repo...
Jovial Jackals already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-jovial-jackals
Repo for group Jovial Jackals is already initialized.
Adding Jenny Fan to Jovial Jackals's repo...
Adding Selina Wang to Jovial Jackals's repo...
Adding Moyan Pan to Jovial Jackals's repo...
Adding John Saraum to Jovial Jackals's repo...
Adding Ben Zhou to Jovial Jackals's repo...
Kindly Kangaroos already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-kindly-kangaroos
Repo for group Kindly Kangaroos is already initialized.
Adding Lina Yuan to Kindly Kangaroos's repo...
Adding Emma Wang to Kindly Kangaroos's repo...
Adding Ruth Gao to Kindly Kangaroos's repo...
Adding Gavin Weng to Kindly Kangaroos's repo...
Adding Aditya Sohani to Kindly Kangaroos's repo...
Marvelous Moose already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-marvelous-moose
Repo for group Marvelous Moose is already initialized.
Adding Yin Liu to Marvelous Moose's repo...
Adding Lakshmi Thampi to Marvelous Moose's repo...
Adding Agalya Chandrasekaran to Marvelous Moose's repo...
Adding Daniel Britzki De Sordi to Marvelous Moose's repo...
Adding Angelo Tangonan to Marvelous Moose's repo...
Adding Baopu Zhang to Marvelous Moose's repo...
Mystic Manatees already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-mystic-manatees
Repo for group Mystic Manatees is already initialized.
Adding Lykheang Taing to Mystic Manatees's repo...
Adding Yutian Zhang to Mystic Manatees's repo...
Adding Zhiqian Tan to Mystic Manatees's repo...
Adding Galen Guo to Mystic Manatees's repo...
Adding Jabin Chen to Mystic Manatees's repo...
Adding Miao Liu to Mystic Manatees's repo...
Noble Nightingales already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-noble-nightingales
Repo for group Noble Nightingales is already initialized.
Adding James Gai to Noble Nightingales's repo...
Adding James Gong to Noble Nightingales's repo...
Adding Xinhuiqiang Xu to Noble Nightingales's repo...
Adding Shiyan Gong to Noble Nightingales's repo...
Adding Yue Zhu to Noble Nightingales's repo...
Adding Wenliang Du to Noble Nightingales's repo...
Ornate Ostriches already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-ornate-ostriches
Repo for group Ornate Ostriches is already initialized.
Adding Allen Wang to Ornate Ostriches's repo...
Adding Xiaoxiao Yu to Ornate Ostriches's repo...
Adding Mino Leung to Ornate Ostriches's repo...
Adding Xinyu Chen to Ornate Ostriches's repo...
Adding Kat Xi to Ornate Ostriches's repo...
Adding Erica Yuan to Ornate Ostriches's repo...
Peach Peacocks already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-peach-peacocks
Repo for group Peach Peacocks is already initialized.
Adding Junqi Lu to Peach Peacocks's repo...
Adding Zhuo Liu to Peach Peacocks's repo...
Adding Rhedyn Phillips to Peach Peacocks's repo...
Adding Xiao Li to Peach Peacocks's repo...
Adding Bo Jing to Peach Peacocks's repo...
Adding Tarun Ramachandran to Peach Peacocks's repo...
Quaint Quokkas already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-quaint-quokkas
Repo for group Quaint Quokkas is already initialized.
Adding Alden Maiyor to Quaint Quokkas's repo...
Adding Tuocheng Li to Quaint Quokkas's repo...
Adding Inez Yuan Ya Chong to Quaint Quokkas's repo...
Adding Yue Qi to Quaint Quokkas's repo...
Adding Tone Xie to Quaint Quokkas's repo...
Adding Sienna Nguyen to Quaint Quokkas's repo...
Radiant Raccoons already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-radiant-raccoons
Repo for group Radiant Raccoons is already initialized.
Adding Aaron Rodrigues to Radiant Raccoons's repo...
Adding Dhruv Joshi to Radiant Raccoons's repo...
Adding Grant Liu to Radiant Raccoons's repo...
Adding Wen Jie See to Radiant Raccoons's repo...
Adding Connor Stevens to Radiant Raccoons's repo...
Adding Leander Legaspi to Radiant Raccoons's repo...
Vibrant Vipers already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-vibrant-vipers
Repo for group Vibrant Vipers is already initialized.
Adding Yifan Liu to Vibrant Vipers's repo...
Adding Zhanghao Lu to Vibrant Vipers's repo...
Adding Weizhe Shi to Vibrant Vipers's repo...
Adding Zishuo Xun to Vibrant Vipers's repo...
Adding Zhiwei Xu to Vibrant Vipers's repo...
Adding Yucheng Mu to Vibrant Vipers's repo...
Whimsical Wallabies already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-whimsical-wallabies
Repo for group Whimsical Wallabies is already initialized.
Adding Hongwei Tan to Whimsical Wallabies's repo...
Adding Phone Ko to Whimsical Wallabies's repo...
Adding Fabio Garcia Sanchez to Whimsical Wallabies's repo...
Evelyn Feng has not provided their GitHub username!
Adding Jinky Xiang to Whimsical Wallabies's repo...
Adding Bess Yang to Whimsical Wallabies's repo...
Xanthic Xiphosuras already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-xanthic-xiphosuras
Repo for group Xanthic Xiphosuras is already initialized.
Adding Leihan Zhang to Xanthic Xiphosuras's repo...
Adding Shuyuan Liu to Xanthic Xiphosuras's repo...
Adding Kejun Dai to Xanthic Xiphosuras's repo...
Adding Yichen He to Xanthic Xiphosuras's repo...
Adding Alina Xu to Xanthic Xiphosuras's repo...
Adding Vinayak Joshi to Xanthic Xiphosuras's repo...
Apricot Aardvarks already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-apricot-aardvarks
Repo for group Apricot Aardvarks is already initialized.
Adding Alex Kim to Apricot Aardvarks's repo...
Adding Joao Madelino to Apricot Aardvarks's repo...
Adding Kyla Lee to Apricot Aardvarks's repo...
Adding Jacky Zhou to Apricot Aardvarks's repo...
Adding Justin Conn to Apricot Aardvarks's repo...
Charismatic Chameleons already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-charismatic-chameleons
Repo for group Charismatic Chameleons is already initialized.
Adding Manjot Mann to Charismatic Chameleons's repo...
Adding Tisha Naicker to Charismatic Chameleons's repo...
Adding Shiangbo Chang to Charismatic Chameleons's repo...
Adding Eric Jiang to Charismatic Chameleons's repo...
Adding Kyle Lowe to Charismatic Chameleons's repo...
Adding Adwait Mane to Charismatic Chameleons's repo...
Shimmering Shrews already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-shimmering-shrews
Repo for group Shimmering Shrews is already initialized.
Adding Rameez Bhat to Shimmering Shrews's repo...
Simarjot Kaur has not provided their GitHub username!
Kwasi Djan Asante has not provided their GitHub username!
Adding Aidan Dayvyd to Shimmering Shrews's repo...
Adding Elliot Prosser to Shimmering Shrews's repo...
Harmonious Hares already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-harmonious-hares
Repo for group Harmonious Hares is already initialized.
Adding Justin Huang to Harmonious Hares's repo...
Haoyu Lian has not provided their GitHub username!
Adding Karen Zhang to Harmonious Hares's repo...
Adding Yunshu Ran to Harmonious Hares's repo...
Adding Xuhan Liu to Harmonious Hares's repo...
Careless Crayfish already has a GitHub repo: https://github.com/UOA-CS732-SE750-Students-2024/project-group-careless-crayfish
Repo for group Careless Crayfish is already initialized.
Adding Yongbin Yang to Careless Crayfish's repo...
Adding Hongjian Chen to Careless Crayfish's repo...
Adding Xinyuan Zeng to Careless Crayfish's repo...
Adding Joe Zhao to Careless Crayfish's repo...
Yangcheng Zhou has not provided their GitHub username!
Adding Mark Zhu to Careless Crayfish's repo...
49 groups processed.
Disconnected from db.
 *  Terminal will be reused by tasks, press any key to close it.
 